INTRODUCTION

The company's manager wants to get insight from the dataset that will enable him make descisions that will boost the brewery's business growth.
And the dataset was provided by the cybersafe foundation as a SQL project to be worked on and as a creteria for the Data Analytics course completion Certification, graduation.


DATA ANALYSIS
 The dataset was cleaned with Excel, and was imported into postgresql for queries;
 The questions below were answered;

A. PROFIT ANALYSIS
 1. Within the space of the last three years, what was the profit worth of the breweries, incusive of the Anglophone and the Francophone territories?
 2. Compare the total profit between these two territories in order for the territory manager, Mr.stone to make a strtegic decision that will aid profit maximization in 2020.
 3. What country generated the highest profit in 2019.
 4. Help him find the year with the highest profit.
 5. Which month in the three years was the least profit generated?
 6. What was the minimum profit in the month of December 2018?
 7. Compare the profit for each of the months in 2019
 8. Which particular brand generated the highest profit in senegal?

B.BRAND ANALYSIS
 1. Within the last two years, the brand manager wants to know the top three brands consumed in the francophone countries.
 2. Find out the top two choice of the consumer brands in Ghana.
 3. Find out the details of beers consumed in the past three years in the most oil reached country in west Africa.
 4. Favourite malt brand in Anglophone region between 2018 and 2019.
 5. Which brands sold the highest in 2019 in Nigeria?
 6. Favourites brand in South-South region in Nigeria.
 7. Beer consumption in Nigeria.
 8. Level of consumption of Budweiser in the regions of Nigeria
 9. Level of consumption of budweiser in the regions in Nigeria in 2019 (Decision on promo)

C.COUNTRIES ANALYSIS
 1. Country with the highest consumption of beer.
 2. Highest sales personnel of budweiser in Senegal
 3. Country with the highest profit of the fourth quarter in 2019.
 
 
 Below is the link to the dashboard for more insight.
 https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/racheal.ogbozor1965/viz/Internationalbrewerycompanysdatasetfortheyear20172018and2019/Dashboard1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
